Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. This is the Moneyball Morning
Report for Tuesday, December the 23rd.
My name is Amory Band. charts by
Trendpider and
Gamma Flows from Menther Q.
[clears throat]
We begin by taking a look at the E- Mini
S&P 500. As before, we are in the March
contract.
The trading day for Monday was
what we expected, upside pressure,
right? We are in a buy the dip mode and
moving into this formation
that began holding 6900. We saw that in
the pre-market. We realize that it's
very likely that they go from one area
of accumulation to another area of
accumulation. Today [clears throat] our
zero DTE moved up 30 points.
It moved from 6,900
to 6930. Our call wall up at 7,000 has
remained the same. Those big motions
have not been moved. The put wall
shifted
uh downwards to 6850
and the big put support wall
is also there at 6850. So we had the
zerodt put wall come down. The call wall
for the zero DTE go up and in general
put support and call resistance staying
the same for the end of the month. As
flows go you'll see resistance sitting
at the top here. You'll see some support
down here at 68.883 83
and new resistance that is
sort of sitting around at 6930.
I would suspect that the break above
that 6930
will be something that we really want to
look at for more upside pressure. What
are we doing currently in the overnight?
Well, we're currently in a little bit of
a rotation into old support. So, you can
see the traders drifting down. We just
tested the anchor VWAP, the anchored
VWAP of the prior day. Let's collapse
into a 15minute chart and take a look at
what's going on. You can see the
anchored VWAP sitting right here. We are
underneath the opening VWAP event. the
anchor VWAP from the close of the
trading day sitting down here at 6923.
Traders are trying to buy that up. That
is also the first area of known
old resistance that became support
and so let's watch for them to try and
buy that up. The fact of the matter is
if we come into 6923
and we lose the level and don't
immediately recapture it. Remember
there's two places to that. We lose the
level first and then we don't recapture
it. That's where these wicks come in and
it fades. It's going to give us more
downside pressure. We've got a support
zone sitting between 68, excuse me, 6919
and 6917.
So that's 6919
69117.
And then much deeper below that is where
we spent so much of the overnight
trading event and that is between 6911
and 6900.
So in my mind, if we lose this 6923 and
don't immediately recapture it, it is a
likelihood that we fade into
this low volume note.
We could easily fill in this vacuum
event right down here before a bounce.
Notice the biodal distribution of the
price action. What does biodal mean? It
means there are two pockets of strength
where traders came in and said, you know
what, I'll buy it there. [snorts] And
[clears throat]
because this one is sitting during
market hours,
there's a lot more volume here. You can
see there's they sat around in this zone
really arguing for a long time, but this
was pre-market action. So the real
volume event that comes into the flow is
up here during the trading day on
Monday. And so that is the range we are
looking at. Dips into 6923
could easily take us up to 6936.
Right? If we lose the level, you know,
maybe you want to give yourself three
points of risk, but
um yeah, I don't know, maybe four or
five points of risk or you just wait for
it to recapture the space rather than
just buying that dip, right? Allow it to
come in and do what it needs to do.
Trend suggests to me, yes, dips are
still buy zones. Could we stare down
something that potentially looks like a
breakaway? Yes, we could. Um, what we do
see is the yen strengthening. Now, it
might be that I'm just over here in the
Far East and that seems just something
to watch because so many people are
watching it, but I do believe it is
going to be
somewhat important. However, the yen is
still not above
the area that it was prior to the
interest rate uh increase that they
announced. So, that being said, that is
um certainly what we want to watch for.
Dips, buy zones. She can come in, honey.
>> She's on a business.
>> Um
okay. So that's what Sorry about that.
Um so that's what uh we can look at
pullbacks or buy zones easily and an
upshot into resistance. Let's take a
look at the NQ.
Okay, so the put wall for the zero DTE
and the put support
have not moved for the NQ. This is very
interesting. So they are digging their
heels in for a more upward flow into the
end of the year. That is that's what's
going on here. The put wall remains
25,000
I don't know 25,675
round and about the call walls
remain
uh further up.
They were 26,000,
but they've come in and now sit both
with the zero DTE call wall and the
month end call wall both sitting at
25,800.
Traders are
putting some money to work that says,
"Hey, the we're moving higher." Now,
what is the first problem with that that
we might see? one, we're breaking the
put wall. We did that in the pre uh no,
sorry, we did that in the morning of the
trading day and then we recovered into
the trading day but could not get to a
higher high. Here's the second thing. On
the pre-market bounce, we test a lower
high and now we are coming into gamma
level three, which was a prior put wall,
right? And so we're looking at this
gamma level at 25,650
with the wick that came down to 25,625
and then bounced. I do not like the dip
by here.
The dip by should be better from a risk
perspective if you're above 25,675
or you come into value area high 25,580.
It also matches an anchored VWAP and a
volume node of particular interest. This
ledge
that doesn't look very friendly. It it
really really doesn't. And so that ledge
around the 25,560
to 25,000
probably a fair support zone to
consider, but momentum is down.
It's broken trend. It's sitting under
the VWAP. Just wait for the recovery.
Now that being said, we are seeing
higher lows and we are seeing higher
highs and we do suspect price action
should begin to run into
highs
that we have seen in times past like the
beginning of December, right? That's
that is a fair likelihood.
Um,
you know, I I would say just just be
careful. Could you stare this down and
say, you know what, I see
accumulation
and I see it from
gamma 3 25,650
all the way up to 25,750.
Absolutely, you could trade that. Trend
is up.
Higher lows, higher highs. We've already
left a support floor below us. We're
heading into a resistance pocket. The
signs suggest upward flow. Doesn't mean
it'll just do it super easy, right? And
we have this biodal distribution here.
We could easily come in, fill the gap,
and then begin to stabilize with support
zones down here at the 25,500
area.
That's my thought. A little bit sticky,
right? Just like yesterday, back and
forth. So what you have to remember is
when your candlesticks start retracing
each other like this. Down candle up
candle down candle up candle down candle
that retraces down candle up candle down
candle. Just realize what you're doing
is finding an area that will trade
between support and resistance. How do
you do that? You dial all the way in. go
to your five minute and you look for the
pockets that give you the range. look
for overall trend and then say, okay, if
trend is flat, I'm going to wait for the
bottom. I'm going to trade it to the
top. If trend is flat, I'm going to be
able to trade from the top back to the
bottom. And just remember where the
prior tops have been so you don't get
yourself overextended
taking a short way down here in in the
middle of all the noise versus up at the
top of the resistance zones near that
25,730
area. Okay, you can see the traders
trying to come in here at this gamma
flow line. lot of support sitting on
these tiny time frames,
dips or buys. Okay, [clears throat]
let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin.
Let's go to the 1 hour chart.
Very sideways. A lot of people throwing
shade on Bitcoin because, you know, it's
fading. But it's like any instrument,
right? It's going to have its good days,
going to have its bad days. It just is
what it is. But what we are clearly
seeing is this region near 90,000
still behaving like a top
and this area near 85,000
still potentially behaving like a
bottom. And so it's caught in this
sideways pressure. The big call wall
90,000. The zero DTE call wall 89,000.
When we began the week, the call
resistance and the zero DTE walls were
a,000 points apart. [snorts] They're
still a,000 points apart today, right?
The zerod puts
that is up at 88,000 and we are almost
$1,000 below that. All right. And so the
big put wall looks like where they'll be
headed. Notice downward flow and
momentum underneath the VWAP underneath
the dynamic cloud that we're using as
our moving average ribbon. The 1-day min
86,400
and then you know our general put
support at 85,000.
chart still suggesting that we've got
more downside flow on the horizon here
and it could start getting pretty ugly
if we lose this 85 level because it
could slip all the way to 75. But what
we do remember if we've been thinking
about these numbers is this put support
was at 75,000
just a few days ago. Now it's all the
way up at 85,000. So, they're being more
aggressive. Again, as I've mentioned
several times, the option traders in
Micro Bitcoin are not
um
are not the the top tier, right? There's
not a lot of sophistication going on in
there. And so, they're offsides a lot.
They are offsides a lot. Okay, let's
move to oil and that is WTI, West Texas
crude. that we follow. We do not trade
Brent. We trade WTI. Um, so let's have a
peek. Call wall. The zero DTE call wall
is
58. It's 58.50. It's moved up from 5750.
Um,
and then it was 58. So now it's 58.50.
The big call wall is up at 61,
one day max at 59 and then one day min
at $56.84.
What is trend? Well, we're definitely
making higher highs relative to the
broad motion
and we're also making higher lows. Okay.
So, we do see there's buying pressure.
They just seized another tanker, so that
makes it four.
Uh, so, you know, there's a big game
being played here. And I I'm not trying
to minimize how important the game is,
but this is,
you know, it it
this is statecraft, okay? It just is the
things that you do to get people doing
what they need to do. So, here we are.
Another tanker seized um and oil sitting
sideways most of the day today once it
broke out in the early morning
environment. We do have a fair bit of
resistance at 58. That used to be a
pretty big uh gamma line. Actually, it
was a call wall at one point because now
it's a gamma wall that is the next in
line to the big call wall. And so what
do we expect? Dips or buys?
Dips or buys. So what would the dip
action be? Well, here's the thing.
Accumulation.
All this inventory accumulation really
began
big moves out of the break above
this congestion zone. So that's about
$57.26.
It's now up here at $57.80.
Would it be super califragilistic
awesome to get $5726
on the buy? Yes, it would. Is price
action moving sideways? Yes, it is. Take
a look at this, folks. This is not a buy
and hold breakaway event. This is buy at
support and sell at resistance.
There's very clear price action
accumulation here. But they are not
holding for the big moves. They are
simply moving in at support and getting
out at resistance. Same story. Wash,
rinse, repeat. If it loses $5761,
it's potentially has another 40 drop,
right? And that's $400
per contract. So, watch out. These
things can move dollars at a time if
things get sticky. So, be careful. In
essence, dips give us buying formations
with upward flow 5850,
59 and then 60 and 61 if that happens to
occur. Okay, downward flow 5760
to 5720
and then 5691
to the volume point of control at 5647.
Let's take a look at gold.
Okay, gold hit a new high as I mentioned
yesterday. I believe uh Martin Armstrong
has this 4550
target zone really as the last time I
looked at it he said 4625
could also be another line this is a
very big breakout as I mentioned though
listen some folks are inclined to
disagree with me why it is that it's
moving of course simple answer is there
more buyers than sellers but
the
overprinting of cash,
the geopolitical risk, and the desire
for
the fiat currencies to have something to
back their paper eventually
is very likely what's pushing this up.
So, it's got another big rise, all-time
highs.
Um
we got to give we got to give these guys
credit right for I mean these oil tra I
mean these gold traders are really
they are really answering the bell for
motion. So let's actually this is the
long here. Let's look at this
4525.
It sort of topped tick that 4550 4578
and then 4622 to 4625.
Those are upward flows. The shallow dips
have been giving us buying formations
and the dips have been fairly shallow.
Momentum is up.
trend is up. So, we look for the last
area of solid accumulation and a
breakout.
4483.
It's a lot of uh
Yeah. Uh I see a gamma level 4 at 4477
and then a support zone at 44.83 83 all
the way down to 4465.
Right now, it's trying to recover the
VWAP. So, you could say this very simply
to yourself. All right. If I have a
bullish flow,
my dips that break frontline support
will very likely try to recover that
frontline support. That's what they're
trying to do. They're trying to get back
above the VWAP in the rotation. However,
for this 30 minute, we have lower highs
and lower lows. So, we must retest the
area and close a candle above this 4512
area. At which point, we can try to get
it back into 4519
and then 4525.
And that will give us our upward flow.
If per happen stance we get 24512
and we cannot move higher, we will
rotate down
into the next areas of support. And look
at how thin this volume pocket is.
That's a very thin volume pocket pocket.
And that puts us back down at this 4480
zone. So that is my thought. What would
I be waiting for? 4484.
Could it be that it leaves me in the
dust?
Possibly. But that's what I would be
looking for from the upside rotation.
This is very strong motion on very thin
volume. And notice so much of it
occurred during Asia, the Asian markets
here. Markets are about to close in 15
minutes here. And so that's that's what
we're looking at, right? They bought
some and now they're correcting some
inventory before,
you know, Europe opens up. Let's take a
look at SPY.
SPY has not begun to print yet, but it
will shortly. Big resistance up here at
685.
We did get into that area in Monday's
trading day and now we're staying right
below that $68,528.
A breach above there could easily send
us into $686.
We've got
we've got the big call wall. Oh my.
The big call has moved down. It was 700.
It's now 690. The zero DTE call wall has
also moved in.
It is now at 688.
Big line of resistance here at 68577.
But getting over that, the gamma line at
687 would be the next
target. And then running up into this
pocket would be the target after that.
So far dips are buy zones moving a
little bit sideways but still dip giving
us the buy right at around 684.
Okay, that's it for me folks. Take care
and
watch your risk, right? Trade small or
not at all and I'll see you tomorrow.
Take care.